[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you an updated school morning
routine which has been very highly
requested so I typically wake up at
around 6:15 and then I will read for
around 15 minutes but it might be around
half an hour it really does depend on
how absorbed I am in my book
[Music]
so then I will head to my wardrobe to
pick out my outfit for the day and I am
insect form so I wear a suit every day
but I get a complete free rein over the
shirt that I wear and today I decided to
wear this red one from an Abercrombie
kids and then of course I make my bed
which I always do every morning
sometimes I decide to iron the bed
sheets with my travel iron but this
morning I didn't because I don't know I
just didn't feel like doing it this
morning and then I will also fold up my
pyjamas and these are a really nice new
tie which I got some next then I will go
over to open my curtains and accent
daylight in and also open my window
because it can get quite stuffy when the
meeting is on overnight which usually it
isn't but some mornings it is I really
love the smell of water warnings and
winter warnings
then I decided to light my pumpkin which
is left over from Halloween and I
actually carved a button so it'd be like
Coraline
then I head to the bathroom and since
I'm usually the first one up I will open
up the shutters to let some right in
here as well and this morning I am using
this mattress out from the mat reserve
to wash my hands the match reserve were
really kind and sending me the soap and
I love it and it smells incredible like
really fresh and I also decided to wash
my face with this soap
I don't usually wash my things actually
with soap manners but recently since
they sent me this I have been using it
and I honestly do love it it makes me
feel really refreshed in the mornings so
then I will brush my teeth as well which
is really important and also using
mouthwash and then of course I will do
my contact lenses because I as as I've
said before sight is really rather
important
so then I will go and do my hand I
actually use this chair from my kit
kittredge American school desk to proper
for my mirror because I blows it just
closes so I like to take one small piece
of hair and plat it and then feed this
into a ponytail this is pretty much
hyper weariness my hair everyday to
school recently
and since it's getting quite cold I've
noticed that my skin is getting really
dry so I've started wearing moisturizer
in the morning and also putting on lip
scrub and Carmex lip balm and then I
will straighten my friend so that it's
neater of which is again something I've
recently started doing whoo yes that's
the remnants of a pumpkin I'm not
ashamed to say it it does look rather
messy and actually now it's been taken
down so I'm making some tea at the
moment and I'm using my marauders map
mug which is rather cool to he changing
mug
so again format reserved IRA sent some
vanilla March of tea and this is at the
moment my favourite team and I'm not
just saying that I promise you that this
video is not sponsored all opinions
expressed are my own but this tea is
just gorgeous it tastes really
Christmassy but also a bit like
wheatgrass so rather fresh and they also
sent me this bamboo stirrer so that I
could properly mix the tea which is
something that I've never really done
before um but it works really
effectively and all links for the March
reserve will be down below
so then I decided to make myself some
toast for breakfast at the moment toast
with peanut butter and pumpkin has been
my favorite breakfast it's just so or
terminal and I like to dusted off with a
little nutmeg and cinnamon and I also
really cracked the Bacchus table which
is an essential then I will proceed to
wash up my plate earned everything that
I used and then I head into the snug and
I like the gas fire so that it's really
cozy and I get into the autumn spirit so
this month I'm using my life and
diagrams book for November and so I'm
just filling in with a sleep log my
breakfast log under my five-day tracker
from the table and then I sit down to
read and I probably do this for about
half an hour before I whilst I finish my
tea and then I will go outside for a
stroll in the garden because I love
autumn I went to my wings and I think
it's really important to you have some
fresh air
so I'm putting on my new Bowden coat
this is a military-style one and I
recently got it and I have quickly
fallen in love with it I will leave a
link to it in the description box
because I'm sure he'd love it as much as
I do and it was such a gorgeous morning
this morning it was rather misty and the
autumn leaves first Joycean
I decided to go down the bottom of the
garden to the vegetable patches this is
my mum's rather neat one and mine is a
very mercy pumpkin patch I decided to
grow pumpkins this year and a few of
them on one actually right for Halloween
but I was just checking up on those the
remaining and as you can see they're
still robbery
[Music]
when I get back inside I will write a
to-do list for school so if I've got any
meetings or assemblies or anything that
I need to remember and sometimes I will
write a letter do some homework as I did
all of it the night before or I might
continue reading it really does depend
on my mood and I will just take my
school bag and head out the door to
school thank you so much for watching
this video I hope that you enjoyed and
have a productive